Updated online meeting attendance report (#12062)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/onlinemeeting-get.md

- Get details of an onlineMeeting using [VideoTeleconferenceId](#example-1-retrieve-an-online-meeting-by-videoteleconferenceid), [meeting ID](#example-2-retrieve-an-online-meeting-by-meeting-id), or [JoinWebURL](#example-3-retrieve-an-online-meeting-by-joinweburl).
- Use the `/attendeeReport` path to get an attendee report of a live event, as shown in [example 4](#example-4-retrieve-the-attendee-report-of-a-live-event).
- Use the `/recording` and `/alternativeRecording` paths to get the recordings of a live event, as shown in [example 5](#example-5-retrieve-the-recording-of-a-live-event).

> - Use the `/meetingAttendanceReport` path to get an attendance report for any meeting, as shown in [example 6](#example-6-retrieve-the-meeting-attendance-report-of-a-meeting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `/meetingAttendanceReport` path to get the attendance report for a scheduled meeting, as shown in [example 6](#example-6-retrieve-the-meeting-attendance-report-of-a-meeting).
```

>**Notes:**

> >- Currently, attendee reports and recordings are available only to live events.

Reviewer 2: Is this still true, or are we also adding scheduled meetings as noted below? maybe update this to say "Currently recordings are only available for live events."

Author: updated.

>- Only the event organizer can access attendee reports and recordings.

> >- Attendee reports and recordings are only available when the live event has concluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Attendee report and recordings of a live event are only available when the live event has concluded.
```
I'd suggest make some updates to this line to some that it would be easier for customers to differentiate **live event attendee report** and **scheduled meeting attendance report**

> >- Attendance report are only available when the meeting has concluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Attendance report of a scheduled meetings is only available when the meeting has concluded.
```

> >- Attendee report and recordings of a live event are only available when the live event has concluded.

Reviewer 2: we can probably combine this content in other bullets.

> >- Attendance report of a scheduled meeting is only available when the meeting has concluded.

Reviewer 2: recommend "Attendance report of a scheduled meeting or live event is only available when the meeting or event has concluded."

Author: thx @jsandoval-msft , updated.

> >- The download link in the `302 Found` [response](#example-4-retrieve-the-attendee-report-of-a-live-event) expires in **60** seconds.

Reviewer: On behalf of Zheng: Does this apply to both live event attendance report and recordings?

Reviewer 3: Let's say:
The download links for the live event attendee report and recordings expire in **60** seconds.

Author: updated.

- Get details of an onlineMeeting using [VideoTeleconferenceId](#example-1-retrieve-an-online-meeting-by-videoteleconferenceid), [meeting ID](#example-2-retrieve-an-online-meeting-by-meeting-id), or [JoinWebURL](#example-3-retrieve-an-online-meeting-by-joinweburl).
- Use the `/attendeeReport` path to get an attendee report of a live event, as shown in [example 4](#example-4-retrieve-the-attendee-report-of-a-live-event).
- Use the `/recording` and `/alternativeRecording` paths to get the recordings of a live event, as shown in [example 5](#example-5-retrieve-the-recording-of-a-live-event).
- Use the `/meetingAttendanceReport` path to get the attendance report for a scheduled meeting, as shown in [example 6](#example-6-retrieve-the-attendance-report-of-a-meeting).

>**Notes:**
>- Currently recordings are only available for live events, and are only available when the live event has concluded.
>- Only the event organizer can access attendee reports and recordings.
>- Attendance report of a scheduled meeting or live event is only available when the meeting or event has concluded.

> >- The download links for the live event attendee report and recordings expire in **60** seconds.

Reviewer: @jsandoval-msft can we consider unify the name "attendee report" and "attendance report"?

Just one line above it's saying 
> **attendance report** of a scheduled meeting or **live event** is...

but in this line (#28) it's back to **live event attendee report**

> >- The download links for the live event attendee report and recordings expire in **60** seconds.

Reviewer: @jsandoval-msft can we consider unify the name "attendee report" and "attendance report"?

Just one line above it's saying

> **attendance report** of a scheduled meeting or **live event** is...

but in this line it's back to **live event attendee report**

Reviewer 4: Based on the reviewed schema, attendee report should be for live event only, while attendance report is for normal meeting but not for live events. can we update the whole note section as:
- Attendance reports are available for meetings other than Live Events, and only available when the meeting has concluded. 
- Recordings and attendee reports are only available for live events, and only available when the live event has concluded. 
- The download links for the live event attendee report and recordings expire in **60** seconds.
- Only the Live Event organizer can access attendee reports and recordings.

GET /users/{userId}/onlineMeetings/{meetingId}/alternativeRecording
```

> To get the attendance report of a meeting:

Reviewer: On second thought, should we add the permission context for this route? Since it supports app token (for now)
```suggestion
To get the attendance report of a meeting with application permission:
```

> To get the meeting attendance report of a meeting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the attendance report of a meeting:
```

  ]
}
-->

> ### Example 6: Retrieve the meeting attendance report of a meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 6: Retrieve the attendance report of a meeting
```

> The following example shows a request to download a meeting attendance report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a request to get a meeting attendance report.
```

#### Request

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: You can remove this line

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "sampleKeys": ["dc74d9bb-6afe-433d-8eaa-e39d80d3a647", "MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZiMi04ZdFpHRTNaR1F6WGhyZWFkLnYy"],
  "name": "get-meetingAttendanceReport"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/users/dc74d9bb-6afe-433d-8eaa-e39d80d3a647/onlineMeetings/MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZiMi04ZdFpHRTNaR1F6WGhyZWFkLnYy/meetingAttendanceReport
```
# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-meetingattendancereport-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-meetingattendancereport-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Objective-C](#tab/objc)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/objc/get-meetingattendancereport-objc-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-meetingattendancereport-java-snippets.md)]

> [!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

Reviewer: Delete these too
